add -python-log-file option to override visitlog.py (#20402)
visit-dav/visit: src/resources/usage/visitusageplus.txt

                             hang around, tying up parallel compute resources,
                             following an exit-triggering error condition on
                             any one process.

>         -python-log-file     A string for the name of the log file that visit
>                              records python cli methods (default=visitlog.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -python-log-file     A string for the name of the log file in which visit
                             records python cli methods (default=visitlog.py)
```
